[Applause]
it's showing a little lag it's great you
do have nice legs I see what's going on
here you're pretending it's a fashion
thing we really just want to show off
your legs skating I'm like what am i
doing all this for
I'm not doing a lot of ice a lot of ice
skating are you trying to in it you're
trying to get in the Olympics is that
correct well you know if Adam rippen has
retired I just I see my opening uh-huh
aren't you too tall for ice skating I'm
too old I'm too not good and I but I
think that I just I want to be a
spectator so bad yeah I'm just gonna go
watch the Olympics okay and Beijing well
you're sending the bar very very low
because really all you're saying is you
want a ticket and you don't have to
train for that well well who says I
guess it couldn't hurt yeah how you
doing what's going on with you well I'm
distracted by how handsome you are
honestly I really stand a politically
engaged man and that dr. Seuss moment
gave me every bit of life I've ever
[Applause]
escaped but I especially love to
exercise my First Amendment rights and
it is so good to see you Johnson I gotta
tell you my wife started watching the
show she's like you have to watch the
show and I was like what is what's in
this for me but it is a great it is a
you know and it's
I know people who haven't seen it think
you know the other queer I was a fun
version of the show but this is like
actually moving this show how did you
wind up on it well I grew up where I was
such an important conversation for me
with my family it was one of the first
places where I could really speak to my
grandparents and have a conversation
topic that was you know amazing game and
living their truths and having it not be
like this like it was this like proud
amazing moment and so to be able to be
this part or to be a part of it now was
really important and so how do you even
find out about she was this well it was
on the Internet honey show they lead to
moment they were like they're good
they're rebooting this show they're
gonna turn red states pink one makeover
at a time and I was like
I'm from I'm from rural you know
Mississippi like the Mississippi River I
wanted to be a part of this pink
makeover yeah sure and so you auditioned
or does somebody know you so you go and
I was like you go and you chat and then
after you chat you do this little kind
of video interview thing and then after
that they narrowed it down to like I
think there was like 50 of us and there
was like you know 50 you know really
talented gay men descended upon this
Ballroom in Glendale California kind of
mingled each other to death and uh but
in a really loving way because the end
of the day like we all really it kind of
is like in America's Next Top Model when
there's like the top to the finale and
everyone's like I just want this so bad
that's what we were all like but I think
what we all had more in common was that
we really wanted to create a we wanted
to create the show and the five of us
wanting it so like being in that
position and wanting it so much like we
all just really kind of supported each
other through this three days of
heartburn how'd they tell you like did
they tell you they're on site no no no
there was like there's like a top ten
honey she was like a top ten okay and
then and then you didn't know and then
like a week later we found out and you
know when you audition for something
there's like you know like
non-disclosure right um I I was really
good about that
were you yeah so I was that was doing my
clients hair and I were there and I'm
the phone rang and I saw that it was
them and I was like oh my god you guys
like don't make a sound I'm just gonna
put this on mute and I'm gonna put on
speakerphone but you didn't hear a thing
okay ring-around-the-rosie like jumping
and screaming and I was like oh my gosh
and it was just and and now I have these
like four new life friends that they're
just these pictures of my little baby
life and I love him someone yeah and
they just seemed like you guys like each
other and it's a great group really
lucked out with that hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos